1.	what are media queries?

The media rule is used to define different style rules for different media types/devices.
In CSS2 this was called media types, while in CSS3 it is called media queries.
Media queries look at the capability of the device, and can be used to check many things, such as: width and height of the viewport, width and height of the device, orientation (is the tablet/phone in landscape or portrait mode), resolution and much more

2.	In media queries what are following properties min-width, max-width, resolution, screen, print, speech, with examples

The min-width property is used to set the minimum width of an element. This prevents the value of the width property from becoming smaller than min-width.

The max-width property is used to set the maximum width of an element. This prevents the value of the width property from becoming larger than max-width.
Indicates the resolution (pixel density) of the output device. The resolution may be specified in either dots per inch (dpi) or dots per centimeter (dpcm).
Ex: To apply a style sheet to devices with at least 300 dots per inch of resolution:
@media print and (min-resolution: 300dpi

Print , screen , speech and all are media types and  these are used to generate print using the printers , and screen is used for computer screen, tablets , smart-phones etc. Speech is used for screen-readers that reads the page out load.

3.	what are position property values in css (static, relative, absolute, fixed) explain differences ?

The position property specifies the type of positioning method used for an element. Such as static a Default value. Elements render in order, as they appear in the document flow, absolute : The element is positioned relative to its first positioned (not static) ancestor element, fixed : The element is positioned relative to the browser window, relative The element is positioned relative to its normal position.(ex:"left:30px" adds 30 pixels to the element's LEFT position).

4.	what is a float and clear property in css?

The float property specifies whether an element should float. In its simplest use, the float property can be used to wrap text around images.

The clear property is used to control the behavior of floating elements. Elements after a floating element will flow around it. To avoid this, use the clear property.The clear property specifies on which sides of an element floating elements are not allowed to float

5.	what is bootstrap grid system? rows and columns?
Bootstrap's grid system is responsive, it allows up to 12 columns across the page and the columns will re-arrange depending on the screen size: On a big screen, it might look better with the content organized in three columns, but on a small screen it would be better if the content items were stacked on top of each other.

6.	what are xs, sm, md, lg in bootstrap?

Xs, md, sm, and lg are grid classes and these are used to have layouts as per the device, such as xs is used for phones, md for desktops , sm for tablets  and lg for larger desktops and in order to have flexible and robust layouts we can combine the above classes.

7.	differences between container and container-fluid?

.container is like achieving responsive view with media query. The viewport width remains fixed for specific screen sizes whereas .container-fluid the width of the viewport keeps on changing even with a slightest change in the screen / browser size.

8.	what are the break points to be use in media queries for mobile, tablets, medium size desktops and large desktops?

Break points are used to design in a such way that,  are compatible and web responsive is consistent in all irrespective of device , Mobile First means designing for mobile before designing for desktop or any other device (This will make the page display faster on smaller devices).

