1)	display property values?

The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline.

2)	display none and visibility hidden differences in css? when do you use either one of them?

Display: none will not be available in the page and does not occupy any space. visibility: hidden hides an element, but it will still take up the same space as before. The element will be hidden, but still affect the layout. visibility: hidden preserve the space, whereas display: none doesn't preserve the space.

3) css box model?

All HTML elements can be considered as boxes. In CSS, the term "box model" is used when talking about design and layout. The CSS box model is essentially a boxthat wraps around every HTML element. It consists of: margins, borders, padding, and the actual content.

4) box sizing in css?

The box-sizing property is used to alter the default CSS box Model used to calculate width and height of the elements. It is possible to use this property to emulate the behavior of browsers that do not correctly support the CSS box model specification.

5) what  is SASS?

Sass stands for Syntactically Awesome Stylesheets Sass, and was created by Hampton Catlin. It's a way to simplify the CSS workflow, making development and maintenance tasks easier. The indented syntax is a metalanguage. SCSS is a nested metalanguage, as valid CSS is valid SCSS with the same semantics. Sass supports integration with the Firefox extension Firebug. Sass Script provides the following mechanisms: variables, nesting, mixins, and selector inheritance.

6) what is preprocessor? why do you need to use preprocessor?

A preprocessor is a program that takes one type of data and converts it to another type of data. In the case of HTML and CSS, some of the more popular preprocessor languages include Haml and Sass . Haml is processed into HTML and Sass is processed into CSS.
